As I'm sure you've learned, your GMC really lives up to its never say never reputation,
one that will continue for a long time.
Yet there comes a time when the tires your GMC came with need to be replaced.
That's why your GMC certified service experts are there to help when it's time for new ones.
All tires wear out, but rotation helps them last longer and wear out more evenly so you
can replace all four at once.
New tires generally grip the road better than tires that have some miles on them.
See how this tire is worn more on one side than the other?
The owner probably didn't rotate his tires regularly.
GMC recommends rotating your tires every time you change your oil or 7,500 miles.
Your certified service experts will use a tread depth measurement tool like this to
see if your tires need replacing.
You can also easily do it yourself using a penny.
Insert the penny into the tire tread.
If the tread reaches Lincoln's forehead, the tread is good.
If not, you'll want to visit the GMC certified service experts for new tires because of course
riding on bald tires is definitely a safety hazard.
You also need proper tire balance.
An unbalanced or improperly balanced tire and wheel can make your car vibrate as well
as create uneven tread wear.
Bent wheels or a misaligned suspension can also produce uneven tread wear and cause tires
to lose air, so watch out for those sneaky potholes and curbs.
I hope you learned a few things about tire care and replacement.
When the day comes that your tires have taken you and your GMC as far as they can, your
certified service experts are here to help you select new ones that are right for your
GMC.
Don't have your own expert?
You can find one and see current service offers at GMCcertifiedservice.com.
Thanks and enjoy your GMC.